Day 1: 
Progress = Udacity on mobile. Started on course material. No laptop yet.
Thoughts = Not going to code on my phone. Stopped at first coding question. 
Links: none

Day 2: 
Progress = Udacity on Mobile. Trying to fix old laptop.
Thoughts = Appreciated the switching logic applied to ML.
Links: none

Day 3:
Progress = just clone your HDD to an SSD they said. Easy it will be they said. 
Thoughts = I need a new laptop this one is garbage. 
Links: none

Day4: 
Progress = New laptop. Working through Lesson 3. Math heavy.
Thoughts = This is going to be an awesome laptop.
Links:none

Day 5: 
Progress: Working through Lesson 3. Attended OM AMA. Reviewed One hot encoding.
Thoughts: I need more time.
Links:none

Day 6: 
Progress: Completed Lesson 4.
Thoughts: Lots of abstract discussion. Found listening easier than watching.
Links: none

Day 7:
Progress: Lesson 5 is complete. Reviewing again.
Thoughts: Having to set up programs on a new laptop takes a bit of time.
Links: none

Day 8: 
Progress: Git, Anaconda, VSCode. Getting everyone to work together.
Thoughts: I need to command line git. Created this text file to commit to git Every.Day.
Links: https://github.com/Metrix1010/DailyActivityLog.git

Day 9:
Progress:Tweaking my envs with small database project. Working with my forked repo of PySyft. Lesson 5 continued.
Thoughts: Still need to update my resume.
Links:

Day 10
Progress: Lesson 5 which at some point I already completed. 
Thoughts: Need to get through to some new material. Probably should've taken a skip day.
Links:

Day 11:
Progress: Finished Lesson 5
Thoughts: Grateful
Links:

Day 12:
Progress: Installing nbextensions to jupyter notebook. 
Thoughts: Create value for society and business through your projects. 
Links:

Day 13: 
Progress: Had to share my laptop. Reviewed Lessons 5.16-22.
Thoughts: So much to learn.

Day 14: Remembered why I don't go to the mall on weekends. :christmas_tree:
Review of Lesson 5.17-22. Trying a couple of things to get my data to load in jupyter notebooks. 
Possibly firewall protection preventing access. Unicode error.
Links:Watched: https://youtu.be/2-Ol7ZB0MmU

Day 15: Getting dataset from kaggle. Will work on Cat vs Dog data in kaggle as suggested. 
Links: Watched Live Debate Yoshua Bengio vs. Gary Marcus https://www.facebook.com/MontrealAI/videos/498403850881660/

Day 16: Watched Kaggle GrandMaster Panel. It's Christmas Eve.
Links: https://youtu.be/BNAiHpH_gMM

Day 17: Christmas was a skip day! Started Lesson 6 today. Completed Lesson 6.1-6.10
Thoughts: Trained model with 10 epochs then 30 epochs. Tested once with 98% accuracy!

Day 18: Validation step on yesterdays network. Test loss was less. 
	Still 98% overall test accuracy with each classification accuracy now higher.
	Lesson 6.13-6.23 Learning CNNs. Padding with black pixels might be problematic. 
Thoughts: Adding anything to an image doesn't seem safe. There has to be a better way to handle edges - maybe don't. Leave them shaggy?
	Mark them as "invisible" mathematically.

Day 19: Lesson 6.24-6.28  Custom filters, finding edges. Filters are key in CNNs many are applied in the convolutional layer. RGB stack of 3, 2D Matrices.
Thoughts: Padding an image places misinformation into the convolutional layer. Alternatively, leaving it out we lose this line of "sight" which seems a better default.
	
